docs: revamp (#2266)
elastic/e2e-testing: e2e/README.md

## Statements about the test framework
- It uses the `Given/When/Then` pattern to define scenarios.
  - `Given` a state is present (optional)
  - `When` an action happens (mandatory) 
  - `Then` an outcome is expected (mandatory)
  - "And/But" clauses are allowed to provide continuation on the above ones. (Optional)
- Because it uses BDD, it's possible to combine existing scenario steps (the given-when-then clauses) forming new scenarios, so with no code it's possible to have new tests. For that reason, the steps must be atomic and decoupled (as any piece of software: low coupling and high cohesion).
- It does not use the GUI at all, so no Selenium, Cypress or any other test library having expectations on graphical components. It uses Go as the programming language and Cucumber to create the glue code between the code and the plain English scenarios. In almost two years, we have demonstrated that the APIs are not changing as fast as the GUI components.

> - APIs not changing does not mean zero flakiness. Because there are so many moving pieces (stack versions), beats versions, elastic-agent versions, cloud machines, network access, etc... There could be situations where the tests fail, but they are rarely caused by test flakiness. Instead, they are usually caused by: 1) instability of the all-together system, 2) a real bug, 3) a badly written test.

Author: I wanted to express the inconsistencies caused by gherkin steps that are not consistent. Maybe replacing it like that could help.

> - APIs not changing does not mean zero flakiness. Because there are so many moving pieces (stack versions), beats versions, elastic-agent versions, cloud machines, network access, etc... There could be situations where the tests fail, but they are rarely caused by test flakiness. Instead, they are usually caused by: 1) instability of the all-together system, 2) a real bug, 3) a badly written test.

Author: ```suggestion
- APIs not changing does not mean zero flakiness. Because there are so many moving pieces (stack versions), beats versions, elastic-agent versions, cloud machines, network access, etc... There could be situations where the tests fail, but they are rarely caused by test flakiness. Instead, they are usually caused by: 1) instability of the all-together system, 2) a real bug, 3) gherkin steps that are not consistent.
```

- `Helm Charts`: filebeat, metricbeat and apm-server. 3 scenarios in total. Feature files: https://github.com/elastic/e2e-testing/blob/main/e2e/_suites/helm/features/
- `k8s-autodiscover`: uses kind to deploy an elastic-agent, filebeat, metricbeat and heartbeat and collect certain metrics. 18 scenarios in total. Feature files: https://github.com/elastic/e2e-testing/blob/main/e2e/_suites/kubernetes-autodiscover/features/

- The target audience is matching the aforementioned suites, although any other team can come and add their suites.

## CI execution
On the CI, the framework creates a VM for the Stack (Elasticsearch, Kibana and Fleet Server) first, using the current valid SNAPSHOT. It's valid because we have validated in a pull-request that a given snapshot is not breaking the tests. This process is automated: everyday, we receive an automated bump of the different snapshots for all the supported maintenance branches (main, 8.1, 8.0 and 7.17 as of today).
  - In the fleet test suite, Fleet Server is part of the Stack. The scenarios are executed connecting the VMs where the elastic-agent is installed to the Stack machine.

>   - A pull-request in the elastic-agent repo runs the Fleet scenarios using the CI snapshots for that PR for the agent, and the stack version int the target maintenance branch for the beats in play (filebeat, heartbeat, metricbeat)

Author: It's the target branch for the pull-request, at this moment: main, 7.17, 8.0, 8.1. Maybe rewording it to `in the target branch of the pull request for the beats in play`?

>   - A pull-request in the elastic-agent repo runs the Fleet scenarios using the CI snapshots for that PR for the agent, and the stack version int the target maintenance branch for the beats in play (filebeat, heartbeat, metricbeat)

Author: ```suggestion
  - A pull-request in the elastic-agent repo runs the Fleet scenarios using the CI snapshots for that PR for the agent, and the stack version in the target branch of the pull request for the beats in play (filebeat, heartbeat, metricbeat)
```

>   - A pull-request in Beats repo runs the Fleet scenarios using the CI snapshots for that PR for the beats, and the stack version int the target maintenance branch for the elastic-agent

Author: ```suggestion
  - A pull-request in Beats repo runs the Fleet scenarios using the CI snapshots for that PR for the beats, and the stack version in the target branch of the pull request for the elastic-agent.
```

An important consideration is that the local developer experience changed when we moved from using Docker containers to real VMs, so the framework is not currently targeted to be run locally, only using the CI (manually or via pull-request). We are currently working on improving that part.

The @elastic/observablt-robots team is maintaining the framework and, because of the current needs on the Fleet team, the test scenarios. On the other hand, our main focus as the Robots team is to only maintain the core functionalities of the e2e test project, and let the teams maintain their scenarios by themselves with our assistance.

## Contributors and maintenance
We have received contributions from multiple teams in different aspects of the e2e tests project, so we are ecstatic to receive them:

  - Julia Bardi and Nicolas Chaulet, from Fleet team, frontend engineers, have contributed a few scenarios for Fleet
  - Eric Davis, QA engineer, has helped in the definition of the scenarios for Fleet
  - Igor Guz, from Security team, QA engineer, has contributed scenarios for the security-related integrations, such as Endpoint, Linux and System

>   - Christos Markou and Jaime Soriano, from Beats, have contributed and currently maintain the entire k8s-autodiscover test suite

Reviewer: Well, the truth is that this part is currently maintained by @elastic/obs-cloudnative-monitoring :innocent:

Author: Let's change it then 😇

>   - Christos Markou and Jaime Soriano, from Beats, have contributed and currently maintain the entire k8s-autodiscover test suite

Author: ```suggestion
  - Christos Markou and Jaime Soriano have contributed to the k8s-autodiscover test suite, which is maintained by @elastic/obs-cloudnative-monitoring.
```

  - Julien Lind, from Fleet, has helped in defining the support matrix in terms of what OSs and architectures need to be run for Fleet test suite
  - Julien Mailleret, from Infra, has contributed to the Helm charts test suite.

>   - Anderson Queiroz, from Elastic Agent, is currently working on the MacOS support for running the tests on real Apple machines.

Reviewer 2: Eh? I just talked to @adam-stokes yesterday and I was left with the impression that this was still a TODO for him to do and that we were going to need to integrate this with the upcoming Orka integration, where we're already trying to estimate the total number of machines we might need. Could you please link me to an issue or issues where this support is being discussed?

Author: I think we can merge this one even without the feedback from orka support
